This year’s street names aspire to capture that moment of awakening as our experience experiment becomes Curiouser & Curiouser:

Esplanade
Agog
Baffle
Captivate
Delight
Enchant
Fascinate
Gobsmack
Hypnotic
Intrigue
Jabberwock
Kelter
New for 2024:
The Center Camp Neighborhood

Black Rock City’s Center Camp Plaza Neighborhood has a new vision and direction! We have redesigned how the streets come together, leading to the city’s heart. The confusing ring road is gone, allowing the blocks and streets of Black Rock City to flow pedestrians, bicycles, and some mutant vehicles into this revitalized city sector. The plaza and the Center Camp Canopy are being transformed into a festive city center.

(Note: While we are retiring Rod’s Ring Road, we continue to remember and honor Rod Garrett [1936-2011], BRC site and center Canopy architect.)

The radial streets of Black Rock City are named by their clock position. The light blue shaded area does not specify, but rather approximates, where you will find reserved-placement camps: interactive theme camps, camps supporting art installations, and infrastructure camps.

Reserved camp space is marked on the playa with blue survey flags. Some of these plots are so large that they may appear unclaimed and available when they are not. Be sure to camp outside the blue-flagged zones to avoid encroaching on reserved zones and then having to relocate your camp.

For walk-in camping — located between 2:00 and 5:00 — park your vehicles in the reserved zone across Kelter Street at the flag fence, and set up your camp outside the parking flag fence.

Note: Walk-in camping is for people who drive their cars into BRC but don’t camp with their cars. You still need a vehicle pass to drive in and park before carrying your gear to walk-in camping.

The distance from the center of the innermost street Esplanade to the Man is 2,500 feet. Esplanade to Agog Street, curb to curb, is 400 feet deep. Mid-city double blocks are located between Enchant and Facinate Streets and are 450 feet deep. The remaining blocks between Agog and Intrigue are 250 feet deep. The two back blocks between Intrigue and Kelter are both 150 feet deep.

Download the PDF version (5MB) of the 2024 City Plan for on-screen viewing or printing.

PDF reading may require a download of the free Adobe Acrobat Reader, or free Foxit Reader (for Windows and Linux).